Fix case sensitivity of unquoted column names in conflict clauses (#9352)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Fixed an resiliency issue on snapshot creation while dynamic columns are
  created concurrently which may result in incompatibility problems on restore.

> - Fixed an error where unquoted column names were treated case sensitive in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed case sensitivity of unquoted column names inside ``ON CONFLICT`` clauses.
```
